did I have an unboxing for you guys as
you might notice by the title this is a
western digital my passport essential SE
one terabyte external portable hard
drive so portable hard drive basically
means that I don't need to plug it in to
the power outlet which is fantastic um I
don't really know what the disadvantages
of not having to plug into a power at
our but it's gonna be nice not having to
yet um I got this hard drive on black
friday i believe it was fairly cheap was
like 80 90 bucks for one terabyte which
is fantastic i should learn to cut
better and so it was my little present
to myself invoice see that it's purchase
the best buy mobile and lots of poppy
things earth aware product automated
packaging systems air pouch that not
really care anyways this is what you
guys want to see so let's do it got the
seal at the top here gotta cut I kind of
just kept through the little flap
because they're annoying as heck she
actually opened from the top pull it
right out slide right out there kutta
here I moved in a bit closer for you
guys obviously got the look hard drive
the cable and should just pop right out
cable little insert thingy my passport
essential SE e technical support numbers
and then instructions and warnings in
like 20 different languages but all you
really want are the hard drive and the
cable so this is actually really
surprisingly light for a terabyte hard
drive very very light and all you have
to do to use it plug that in pull the
other end in your computer so hope you
guys enjoy this boxing uh still probably
fairly cheap you can find on amazon or
bestbuy I will include a link below if
you guys want to get one